There was not a single day in these 11 yrs when I didn’t think of him and his betterment but it is unfortunate I was not able to do anything. Far from that I was not even able to meet him alone in spite of court instruction. 

I am considering the facts if my NOC can open a better future for him. Maybe it will open doors for him in India’s premier colleges and premier central universities. If he gets the chance in a good college, it will open many career opportunities for him and he doesn’t need to rely on others.

Before any further proceedings I need to consult the legal implications of it. So I need your marriage certificate if you have married under Hindu marriage act or special marriage act.

If you have married in any other way. Please specify that along with date time and place of marriage along with marriage photographs, clearly showing the married couple as well as the guests.


 
As for starting conversation with Retd Colonel Shourav Nandy, I am ok. But first request him to write an email to me from his mail ID describing about his plans regarding adoption of our son. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hi Raju,

Thank you for considering the NOC for the betterment of Aditya’s higher education. I am hopeful that you will understand how expensive it is to bring up a child. I am trying my best to give him what he deserves. Till date, I have not received any funds from you expect the alimony settlement of 7 lakhs only, which is nowhere close to the amount of money that I have spent on bringing up Aditya.

I am not even considering the day to day expenses here, but education expenses have increased a lot. Your contribution would have helped your son to pursue his dreams. However, opinions differ, and you always thought that by contributing to Aditya’s education you would be helping me. 

Now coming back to the topic of adoption and NOC, well, I am not obliged to share my marriage certificate or any other documents with you. These are legal and official documents, also personal in nature. But once again I want to add that had I not been married to Shourav, I would have never proposed Aditya’s adoption. 

But just to give you some clarity, Shourav got divorced from his ex-wife Jaya, whom you know very well. We got married following all Hindu traditions and registered our marriage in the Hindu Marriage Act. Aditya was a part of the ceremony and the formal proceedings. 

Shourav has been contributing to Aditya’s education for the past year without any legal arrangements. The NOC would only help Aditya with all the benefits that any defence personnel’s child is entitled to.

If this does not suffice your doubts, I would suggest that please start contributing to Aditya’s education and higher education from this point. I will share all the previous bills of education expenses with you for better clarity.

Let me know your thoughts.
Take care. 
Panchatapa

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I consciously did not raise the points of discomfort and disagreement between us in order to avoid starting dirty talks all over again but your mail is inclined to such topics which I do not want to discuss.

I always was ready and willing to bring up my child to the utmost
of my physical, financial and Intellectual capacity like all other middle class
fathers do. I don't have the financial capacity like you and your father but
that does not mean that had Poki was in my custody and care, he would have been
brought up to the stature and standard than he is right now and on the country
I believe he would have become a much brighter person had he been under my
supervision and custody. It is you who has separated my son from me and I, all
along, was ready and willing bring up my son as per my capacity and I still am
ready and ruling to do so if you feel it convenient for you. For the betterment
of pokey lets brush aside all those unpleasant discussions for some other time.

Regarding the marriage registration certificate of you and Saurabh the main reason I asked for your marriage registration certificate is to asserting that the person who seeks the adoption of my child is legally married to the biological mother of my son and therefore it involves the Welfare of my son and unless and until I become absolutely sure that Sourabh had legally married to you, I won't even consider the proposal giving no-objection for the adoption. It is relevant to point out here that even a single father can opt for adoption of an abandoned child and that is the reason I asked for your marriage certificate, which I consider as a bear minimum Insurance of the will been of my son.